So after our first assignment and exercise I'm back in the project from before with our users here where
we can click and go to the individual users.
We learned a lot about the basics of navigating around and we will learn even more in the various apps
we're going to build.
I don't want to convert that all in these basics module which is only there to introduce the well basics
of Phiona to to you.
Well we'll dive much deeper into it in the individual apps.
Now what I want to show you right now is a nice shortcut for pushing and popping though.
We push for example on our home page.
We go to the user's page and we don't pass any data here.
It takes a lot of code to push.
We need to inject enough control or we need to have this method which we call here.
There is a shorter way of doing this.
We can actually get rid of the constructor enty on go to use this method.
We can also get rid of the NAF control import therefore And then we can simply store the user's page
class here or type in a property.
Let's name it user page.
The name is totally up to you.
And this should simply store user page so I referenced to does class which we import here in the template.
We can then instead of calling click listener here or setting up a click listener use a built in directive
directive ironic to ships with we use it with proper keybinding because we need to pass some data to
that directive.
And the directive is called Neph push and close it in square brackets for property binding and the data
I need to push is a property which stores the page I want to push to so user page is the name we set
up here the property was set up here which holds a reference to the page you want to push to.
Well if this is if I saved this I on a server is still running you will see that we're still taking
to the users page but we saved some code noticed a convenient way if you don't need to pass any data.
And a similar method exists for going back if you want to go back let's say on the user's page you not
only have your users buttons but you also add a new button type iron button and all you want to do is
you want to go back.
Yes you have to go back button at the top in the navigation bar but let's say you have another button
you could add a click listener call math and then the Mefford you could use the control or to pop the
page or you simply add the nav pop directive to the button.
Now without square brackets because we don't need to pass any data to that directive.
So we're not using property binding with this if we saved this.
You will see that a new button will appear on the user's page.
And this button simply well takes us back.
Awesome right.
So these are two convenient helper directives you can use for pushing and popping if you have a very
default standard non exciting pushing or popping process where you don't need to set any special options.